PROTOCOL.md, before:

Network protocol
================
is fairly simple. Client sends a request and server sends response (message).
The data is traveled on top of the TCP connection initiated by client.

Message format
--------------
is ruled by serialization methods; by default the `serialization` module
implementation is used. The following is the default message protocol.

Every message (back and forth) is:

1. a message body length in text format followed by the '\n' character;
2. message body of exactly the declared length in text format.

The message body is the Lua table declaration in array form. The array can have
elements of the following types:

1. strings in double quotes
2. numbers
3. booleans (false, true)
4. tables in a declaration form.

Generally the message body is ready for `loadstring()`

Request message (body)
----------------------
is an array table:

* `[1]` is the method name (full path)
* `[...]` method args

"method" is a path to some entity in context of the Tango server. It may be:

1. a table element (field) or
2. a function

In case it is a table field then:

1. [...] == nil -> get the value
2. [...] ~= nil -> set the value

In case it is a function it's just called.

Note: "mere" Lua variable is actually a "global variable" which is the field
of the global `_G` table.

Response message (body)
-----------------------
is also an array table:

* `[1]` is the boolean indicating if the request succeeded or not
* `[...]` either the return value of the request or the error message

References
----------
to the Lua objects. These are by definition: tables, functions, userdata and
thread.

Currently client and server implement references through
`tango.ref`/`tango.unref`/`ref_call`. Those work through normal "method" calls.
Hence this works according the rules above.

Example
-------
Client:

```
11
{"add",1,2}
```

Server:

```
8
{true,3}
```

This is how the client asks server to call the function `add(1,2)` on the
server side and receives the response `3`

Commit message:

change network protocol adding the root table reference

PROTOCOL.md, after:

Network protocol
================
is fairly simple. Client sends a request and server sends response (message).
The data is traveled on top of the TCP connection initiated by client.

Message format
--------------
is ruled by serialization methods; by default the `serialization` module
implementation is used. The following is the default message protocol.

Every message (back and forth) is:

1. a message body length in text format followed by the '\n' character;
2. message body of exactly the declared length in text format.

The message body is the Lua table declaration in array form. The array can have
elements of the following types:

1. strings in double quotes
2. numbers
3. booleans (false, true)
4. tables in a declaration form.

Generally the message body is ready for `loadstring()`

Request message (body)
----------------------
is an array table:

* `[1]` root object reference
* `[2]` is the method name (path relative to the root)
* `[...]` method args

The root object reference may be:

1. empty string
2. a table reference
3. any other reference (see details below)

"method" is a path to some entity in context of the Tango server. It may be:

1. a table element (field) or
2. a function or
3. just ommited

In case it is a table field then:

1. [...] == nil -> get the value
2. [...] ~= nil -> set the value

In case it is a function it's just called.

Note: "mere" Lua variable is actually a "global variable" which is the field
of the global `_G` table.

On the root object reference. If it is the empty string then the method is
relative to the tango server (_G or functab, see README). If it is the table
reference (see below) then method is relative to that table. If it is the any
other object reference (e.g. function) then method should be ommited and
the object is called in the context of the tango server with method args as
described above.

Response message (body)
-----------------------
is also an array table:

* `[1]` is the boolean indicating if the request succeeded or not
* `[...]` either the return value of the request or the error message

References
----------
to the Lua objects. These are by definition: tables, functions, userdata and
thread.

Currently client and server implement references through
`tango.ref`/`tango.unref`/`ref_call`. Those work through normal "method" calls.
Hence this works according the rules above.

Example
-------
Client:

```
11
{"add",1,2}
```

Server:

```
8
{true,3}
```

This is how the client asks server to call the function `add(1,2)` on the
server side and receives the response `3`
